# CS-210-Programming-Languages
Repository for my SNHU class CS-210 Programming Languages

# Project 3 Reflection
The purpose of Project 3 was to write a grocery-tracking program. It needed to read a text file and interpret it in multiple ways. The goal was to handle all user interaction with C++ and use Python to take care of handling the data. The input file consisted of a list of items that were purchased from the store that day. The program's job was to read that information and present it as: a list of items and the quantity of each item, a quantity of an item based on a user-entered keyword, and a text-based histogram of the item list. In my opinion, I handled the user input validation very well. It made sure that the input was of the right data type and even printed specific error messages if the user got the input wrong in different ways. A way I could have improved, was dealing with reading the file into a dictionary inn Python. My solution was to write a function that read the input file and returned a dictionary where the keys were the item names and the values were the item quantities. I then called that function at the beginning of any other function that needed a copy of the dictionary. I imagine there could be a way to save that dictionary so that all the methods would have access to the most recent copy of the dictionary, but when using a global variable didn't work they way I intended, I settled with the easier, less elegant approach. The Python code was probably the most difficult part of the project because it was very difficult to tell what the issue was whenever there was a bug. I plan to take advantage of using the API more, so as to hopefully avoid making as many simple mistakes and therefore, spend less time debugging. In the future, I imagine the skill of figuring out when to involve multiple languages when working on more complicated projects. For this project, I've made it readable by including comments at the beginning of every method that explains what each one does and I've made it adaptable by writing the code relatively modularly.
